c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestProject\TestProject\bin\TestProject.dll
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestProject\TestProject\bin\TestProject.pdb
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestProject\TestProject\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestProject\TestProject\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestProject\TestProject\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestProject\TestProject\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestProject\TestProject\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestProject\TestProject\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestProject\TestProject\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestProject\TestProject\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestProject\TestProject\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestProject\TestProject\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestProject\TestProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestProject\TestProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestProject\TestProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestProject\TestProject\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestProject\TestProject\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestProject\TestProject\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestProject\TestProject\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestProject\TestProject\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestProject\TestProject\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestProject\TestProject\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestProject\TestProject\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestProject\TestProject\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestProject\TestProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestProject\TestProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestProject\TestProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestProject\TestProject\obj\Debug\TestProject.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestProject\TestProject\obj\Debug\TestProject.dll
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestProject\TestProject\obj\Debug\TestProject.pdb
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestProject\TestProject\bin\Ninject.dll
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestProject\TestProject\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestProject\TestProject\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestProject\TestProject\bin\WebActivator.dll
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestProject\TestProject\bin\Ninject.pdb
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestProject\TestProject\bin\Ninject.xml
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestProject\TestProject\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.pdb
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestProject\TestProject\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestProject\TestProject\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.pdb
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestProject\TestProject\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.xml
